	Sports Club Management : Literature Review

Introduction: -
	In this literature review, I define sport club management as any form of change, new idea or novelty in a sports context (Tjønndal,2016b). Viewing sport management from this perspective means taking a multifaceted and interdisciplinary approach to highlighting how innovation is created and made useful in the sports context. This includes, but is not limited to concepts such as product and service innovation, process innovation, organizational innovation, institutional innovation, policy innovation and social innovation. The following paper is a review of current literature on sports management system, as defined here. Meaning that although the review includes different approaches to understanding sports management as a phenomenon, it excludes literature that does not specifically discuss innovation or deals with innovation terms and theories. This criterion is a clear limitation of the review since there might be a number of published articles discussing different forms of management in sport without actually calling it innovation. For instance, academic papers discussing organizational change within sports could be considered sports management. The following article is a literature review on published articles with a clear definition of management.

Procedures: -
	Firstly, I conducted a comprehensive search for relevant scientific, peer-reviewed articles. This decision was made in order to ensure that only studies of high quality was included in the review. I selected three main parts of sports club 1.Batches 2.Users 3.Ground Management. These are the 3 main parts for an admin team to work on to make a complete sports club. I searched for a specific terms, in order to find out the full functioning of the roles specified above. 
	Defining and utilizing the usage of all above criteria’s and came across some books with great value that are referenced below. By all these references and consults the sports club management system is a state of art application with all the required processes and ready for future innovations and updates
Conclusions: -
	In the present literature review, I have tried to provide some key insights in regards to sport management and strategy as an academic field of research. By systematically analyzing the characteristics of the published articles this review demonstrates that sport management for sport innovation, is a field of research within the sport sciences. The earliest article identified was not published until the beginning of the 1990s, which again underpins that sports management, is a field still in the early stages of development. Furthermore, as a field, sports management has become increasingly popular during the last ten years. It is during the last five years that the number of published articles on sport management has increased the most. However, there is a need for further research discussing the relationship between strategy and sport innovation, as well as the role of strategy in sport innovation processes.
	For future research projects, it will be important to investigate these perspectives on sport innovation, as well as new strategies for sports management and the implementation of systematic management of sports clubs.

References and Citations: -
1.	The Business of Sport Management - Editors: Simon Chadwick, John Beech, Published: 2004
2.	Sport Management: The Basics - Author: Mark Piekarz, Originally published: 16 September 2015.
3.	Managing Sport Business: An Introduction - Editors: David Hassan, Linda Trenberth

